hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1986 horror film the fly so
let's get started the film opens with
scientist Seth Brundle showing
journalist Ronnie his teleporter that he
invented Ronnie wants to document his
progress with the teleporter to
eventually write a complete story about
it initially the teleporter isn't able
to teleport living things but Brundle
slowly works out the kinks during this
time Brundle and Ronnie develop a
romantic relationship after successfully
teleporting a baboon Ronnie leaves and
Brundle worries something is wrong with
their relationship upset Brundle decides
to teleport himself but doesn't realize
that there is also a fly inside his
telepods and fuses with the fly Brundle
and Ronnie reconcile in Brundle exhibits
increased strength and stamina which he
thinks is simply from being teleported
unaware of the fusion with the fly
burned Iligan to change further becoming
more fly light going through grotesque
transformations Brundle and Ronnie split
after he becomes violent grundles body
continues to fall apart and he discovers
the fusion that occurred with the fly
Ronnie meets up with Brundle again and
he explains what happened with the
fusion giving himself the nickname
brundlefly he now has to eat by vomiting
similar to a fly and is altogether
losing his humanity
Ronnie discovers that she is pregnant
and has a nightmare about giving birth
to a giant maggot she meets with her
boss Stathis to help her find a doctor
who can perform an abortion before the
abortion can begin however Brundle
kidnaps Ronnie Brundle wants to put
himself Ronnie and the unborn fetus into
a teleporter to fuse all three into one
entity stay 'this breaks into the lab
with a shotgun but Brundle disfigures
stasis with his corrosive vomit as
Brundle moves Ronnie to the telepods she
rips his jaw and he makes his final
transformation into a massive insectoid
creature
Ronnie is trapped in the telepods as
brundlefly gets into the other the
wounded stay 'this severed
the cables to Ronnies pod allowing her
to escape brundlefly is trapped and
during the teleportation is fused with
the pot itself becoming a mass of a
human insect in machine the monstrosity
crawls out and Ronnie initially aims the
gun at its head but can't pull the
trigger brundlefly however points the
gun at his own head silently begging
Ronnie to end his suffering and as the
film ends she blows his head off so that
was the spoilers for the fly if you have
another film you'd like to see a spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching